[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
I'm sitting here
with David Icke, who is
perhaps my favorite interviewee
of all times, which
is why this is
our eighth
conversation together.
>>DAVID ICKE: Whoa, time flies.
>>REGINA: It does.
>>ICKE: It doesn't
exist, but it flies.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
>>ICKE: It's my
favorite number, eight.
>>REGINA: It's my
favorite number, too.
How could we have arranged it?
>>ICKE: When I was a kid playing
football, little boy playing
football for the first time,
and I could get a shirt
and pick a shirt, I always
picked number eight shirt,
always.
I live in number eight, now.
>>REGINA: You live
in number eight?
Your home?
OK.
There we are.
Then that means the stars
are with us on this one.
And the thing is, as much
as I have talked to you,
your information is
always progressing.
>>ICKE: Well, it has to.
Because there was an ancient
Greek philosopher called
Socrates who was apparently
supposed to have said,
"Wisdom is knowing
how little we know."
There's many things about that.
First of all, wisdom
is knowing how little
we know keeps your mind
open to all possibility,
instead of boom,
no one's coming in.
I've sussed it.
Well, you haven't, have you?
I mean, you're in a
body, in this reality,
in this manipulated reality.
And there's infinity out there.
You have not sussed
it, have you?
None of us have, OK?
So there must be more to know.
So that's one level of it.
And yeah, the side of
keeping your mind open
means you're open
to all possibility.
And at all times you know
that whatever you know
is a fraction of what
there is to know.
So if your cutting edge
is not moving constantly,
what have you been doing?
And you know, over the years
I've traveled around the world.
And in the older days went
to multi-speaker conferences
and stuff like.
And I watched people speak and
I thought, that was interesting.
And then maybe 10 years later
I'd see them speak again,
and they're saying
the same thing.
>>REGINA: That's true.
It's true.
>>ICKE: And it's like,
how is that possible?
It's like everyone
seems to-- not everyone,
but most people--
seem to have a niche.
And they sit back and
it, and it's comfortable.
Oh, I like that.
I like that.
And they don't want to move.
And if we don't move, then we
stay where we are, clearly.
And if we stay where we
are, then what we know
stays with us.
>>REGINA: Well, and
that's the thing.
And a lot of those people--
and I know a lot of them.
I've interviewed some lovely
people who, that's their story.
And one way to look
at it, I suppose,
is that we have this
incredible portrait
of humanity's story emerging.
And people are
supplying pixels of it.
And perhaps that's
one static pixel of it
that's bound to start
growing and being
expressed by someone else.
And oftentimes if a person
can't move the story along,
that's the end of that.
Because we as a species are
now hungry for the story.
We want the whole story.
And I think everybody
watching this today
wouldn't be watching
it unless we
were in the same
mindset, which is
we want to go beyond what's
been comfortable for us.
And you make people
very uncomfortable.
And you have, historically,
for the last 20 years
been making people
uncomfortable.
Because everything you're
doing is taking them
beyond wherever they
left off with you.
And that there's last--
>>ICKE: Again, it's
the same situation
where-- I remember my
mother, no longer with us.
Well, actually she is,
but she's not here.
And people would
knock on the door,
like Jehovah's Witnesses or
something, And she'd say,
we're Church of England.
And that would be it.
But we'd never been in a bloody
church, except for weddings.
But she'd sorted a
spirituality out, right?
We're Church of England
and that was the end of it.
And it's like people like
to-- they find a comfort,
they find a security in coming
to a conclusion about life.
And then they sit on it.
And that conclusion
never moves on.
Because when you're dealing
with infinite awareness, which
is what we are and what
everything is, infinite
possibility-- then
once you coagulate
your perception into this
is it, and it doesn't move,
you're already confirming that
you're miles off the pace.
If I'm not understanding at
least some more this time
next week than I am now,
then what have I been doing?
>>REGINA: I feel the same way.
It's about growth.
Life is about growth and
learning and adapting.
And a lot of people
are having to adapt now
because the external world is
not supporting them in the way
that they have expected
it would turn out.
And you've had much to say.
And again, I would refer you
to our last seven interviews
to go over some of what we've
talked about in the past.
Things haven't turned
out for a reason.
And we're now in this
really critical period
of time in which we're looking
at a potential dissolution
of the euro, which is chaos
throughout the economy
and the Western world.
Same thing in the
United States--
we're in England
right now as we speak.
And the whole money game,
just the money game itself,
is essentially key to the
underpinnings of everything
else we thought was going
to happen in our lives,
in this materialistic
aspect of life.
>>ICKE: What we're
looking at, Regina,
is a dissolution of
everything that humanity
has perceived to be
life as they know it.
Freedom of whatever you want
to put after that, long list--
freedom of speech,
freedom of movement,
freedom of all this stuff.
>>REGINA: Financial freedom.
>>ICKE: Yeah, we're looking at
the dissolution of all that.
Because there has been
a force manipulating--
the ancient cultures
talked about it
and they used
different names for it.
But it was the same
force, described
in pretty much the same way.
And it infiltrates
human perception.
See, when you have currently,
I don't know who counts them,
but more than 7 billion
people on the planet--
you can't control 7 billion
with tanks in the streets
and soldiers at the door.
You've not got enough.
What you have to do is
manipulate the perception
of self, the world, and
world events of those people
so that they perceive
themselves in terms
of their limitation of
potential, of possibility.
And they see the
world in ways that
suit those that are
behind all this.
When you look at all these
different aspects of what's
happening in the world from
a suppression point of view,
surveillance, lack
of privacy, cameras
in the streets, all
this stuff-- then
that's come about
by the manipulation
of human perception.
The whole foundation of it,
and what expresses itself
in all those ways, is to
get people to see themselves
and the world in certain ways.
So it's a mind game.
It's the manipulation
of perception.
And one of the greatest forms
of suppression and manipulation
of perception is
the manipulation
of the sense of the possible.
Not many people seem
to talk about this,
but it is fundamental
to why people
live in-- I see, I get this
picture of a honeycomb.
And there's people in
the different sections
of the honeycomb.
I'm a Christian.
This is my honeycomb.
Oh, I'm a Muslim.
I'm a Republican.
This is my honeycomb.
And so on it goes.
And they are all,
in their own way,
suppressed and enslaved
by a limitation
of the sense of the possible.
Give you a very simple example.
If you do not
perceive that it is
possible to mind control someone
so that he will go and do
a mass shooting or be in the
wrong place at the wrong time
to be blamed for it when
someone else has done it, then
when something like
Aurora happens,
you will not even question
the official story.
Because to you, there
is no alternative
to the official story
because you are not
perceiving as
possible that anything
other than the official
story could happen.
And what I'm seeing when
I look at so many people,
I see a standing wave.
A standing wave where two
waves of basically equal power
are smacking into
each other and they
create a standing wave,
which is basically
like vibrationally
running on the spot.
And one of these
waves is the lie.
The other of these waves is
the suppression and limitation
of the sense of the possible.
which starts a standing
wave with the lie.
So the lie says this lad
dressed up as the Joker,
went into a cinema.
Someone actually let him in
as the people in the cinema,
some of them have said.
Goes crazy with a
gun-- there's the lie.
Now what should happen now is an
open mind then says, well what
could have happened other
than the official story?
But the limitation of the
sense of the possible cannot go
there.
Because there's no such thing
as mind control like that.
Boom, boom, and it sets
up the standing wave
in which the lie is dominant.
For instance human
caused global warming--
it's a scientific nonsense.
But if you do not open
your mind, your sense
of the possible, to the fact
that there are networks that
want to sell the lie because
it allows them to make changes
in the world that
without the lie
would not be able
to be justified,
then your sense of the
possible-- no, that
can't be going
on, no, that can't
be going on--
bounces with the lie.
And all you can perceive in
your mind is the official story.
And this applies to everything.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, and I
want to go back to Aurora.
Because that's a
really good point.
That's something that has a
charge for a lot of people,
not just in the United
States, but everywhere.
And a lot of it comes
from the picture
of his face in the courtroom.
When you look at his
face in the courtroom,
almost everybody
that's looked at it
has said the same thing which
is, he wasn't all there.
There was no one home.
He didn't appear to
even know where he was
or what he was doing.
Now that brings up a set of
intuitive feelings in the body,
in the mind, and we're
going to get into this.
Where it's like, hmm, he doesn't
look like he's all there.
Then you read that one of the
jailers, one of the guards,
said he asked him,
why am I here?
I don't know what I've done.
What have I done?
And started asking
these questions.
Same with Sirhan Sirhan
and the Bobby Kennedy
shooting and such.
You start looking at it-- I
can feel something's not right.
If I don't know anything
else, I can feel it.
Why is it that we cannot
allow ourselves, oh, no, no,
the media says something else.
That's the bridge there you're
talking about, isn't it?
>>ICKE: Yes, the
sense of the possible
will not, in most people, open
itself to encompass the fact
that the media at ownership
level, the intelligence
and enforcement agencies at
the peaks of their pyramids
where the decisions are
made-- not every person that
works in them, but the key
positions of power and decision
making-- that
political parties that
have any chance of
forming a government,
that the pharmaceutical
industry,
that the biotech industry,
on and on and on,
that the banking cabal
globally, could all, in the end,
be controlled by the
same network of people.
Because in the public arena
they are presented as dots.
They're not dots.
They're a tapestry of connected
dots which go, in the end,
to the same people.
And there is an agenda
that was-- in many ways,
it was understated
but it was well
set out by George
Orwell in "1984"
and by Aldous Huxley
in "Brave New World."
And it's interesting that--
>>REGINA: Tell us about
the connection with them.
Most people don't
know the background
to these two authors.
>>ICKE: There is a network
of secret societies
that operates behind the scenes.
And these secret
societies, for instance,
will have their operatives
in the Democrat Party
and they'll have
their operatives
in the Republican Party.
They'll have their operatives
at ownership and controlling
level in the
pharmaceutical cartel.
This is why there's this great
war on alternative medicine,
and organic food.
>>REGINA: Trying
to ban supplements.
>>ICKE: Yeah.
When you connect the dots,
it's like, oh, it's so obvious.
But when you're going
boing, boing, boing
and won't let it in, it's
just a bewildering world
of different happenings.
Don't understand what's
going on, so I'll switch off.
What my mother used to say,
she used to say, oh, first
they tell you
sugar's bad for you.
Then they tell you
it's good for you.
I can't be doing with it.
And she'd switch off from both.
>>REGINA: Which most people do.
>>ICKE: Yes.
And what we need to do is
to be mature enough not to,
and to look at it and see
what's really going on.
>>REGINA: By the way, I want to
mention something right here.
It's the perfect time,
too bad I didn't bring it
with me to England.
Life magazine,
about a month ago--
Life, mainstream
magazine, came out
with their special
secret society edition.
And so of course I snapped
it up and read through.
I thought, how is this
going to be treated?
And interestingly, there
were some things in there
that had truth in them.
Which is how partly
how this game works,
peppered with
truth, interspersed
with untruths and
limitation, right?
>>ICKE: I call it gin
and tonic with a twist.
>>REGINA: Gin and
tonic with a twist.
Just to let you know,
that's out in the US right
now, in grocery stores,
secret societies issue.
>>ICKE: These secret societies,
in and of themselves,
are pyramids.
So people in the lower levels
of, say, the Freemasons
don't know what the
game is further up.
And these major
secret societies,
like the Freemasons,
the Knights Templar,
the Jesuits, and so
on, they feed people
through into an upper echelon
that connects them all.
Which is not even officially
accepted to exist.
And that's where
the real game is.
But what you have
is a situation where
there is a projected agenda.
And people will
find it difficult,
but it's projected not even
decades in advance but further.
Because there's another
force behind this
that we really need to open
our minds to eventually.
Which has far more
potential than what
we think is possible, again,
what we think is possible.
No, they can't be doing
that, boing, boing, boing--
but they are.
So there must be more to know.
And so if you get access to
the inner sanctums of some
of these most elite
secret societies,
you get access to
the projected agenda.
And what it means is, you
can write prophetic novels.
>>REGINA: Back to
Orwell and Huxley.
>>ICKE: Back to
Orwell and Huxley,
which decades and decades
later after you've gone,
people are going,
this is happening.
It's amazing.
And it wasn't prophecy, and
it wasn't largely imagination.
>>REGINA: Tell us their history.
>>ICKE: It was not
a projected agenda.
Because one of these
deeply involved secret
societies is based in London.
It's called the Fabian Society.
And interesting, it's named
after a Roman general called
Fabius, whose claim
to fame was never
to engage in battles
that could be decisive,
one way or the other.
His way was to weaken the enemy
over a long period of time
until they were so weak
that they could move in.
I've just described what's
been happening to humanity
throughout most of
known human history.
All this stuff now, with
the banking crashes,
I've shown in my
books in great detail
absolutely, coldly
calculated to happen.
>>REGINA: Starting
many years ago.
You've been writing about this.
>>ICKE: Oh, long time ago.
You can pick it up
during Reagan-Bush.
You can pick it up whenever Alan
Greenspan, the Federal Reserve
Chairman of so
long gets involved.
And so then you look at
George Orwell, real name Eric
Blair, who wrote
"1984," and you look
at Aldous Huxley, a real big
insider who wrote "Brave New
World," and you say, are
there any connections?
Well, yes there are.
Because George Orwell
went to this elite school,
not too far from where
I am, called Eton.
And this is where the
royal children go,
and all this stuff.
And he went as Eric
Blair as a student there.
And his French teacher, at one
time, was called Aldous Huxley.
And Huxley introduced
Blair, Orwell
as we know him, to
the Fabian Society.
And that's where-- that
was an access point
into this inner underground
manipulation system which
allowed two novels
to be written.
"Brave New World"
was published in 1932
and "1984" was
published in 1948.
And this is how they
could be so accurate.
Because it's very
similar-- a lot
of my books in the mid '90s,
like "And the Truth Shall
Set You Free" are
proving to be incredibly
prophetic with modern events.
Why?
Because it's simple.
When there's a projected
agenda and you can research it,
get access to it, by whatever
means, then unless something
intervenes in that
projected agenda,
i.e., humanity wakes up and
says we're not having it,
then it's going to happen.
It's not prophecy.
It's look, this is the plan.
And if no one stops it,
this is what happens.
And this is what
I do in my books.
That's why people say,
how did you know that?
>>REGINA: Because you're
aware of the general way
in which the system works.
>>ICKE: Yes, exactly.
And in terms of
Orwell and Huxley,
they got access that way.
It seems that
Huxley supported it.
Of course his brother
was a famous eugenicist,
Julian Huxley, first head
of UNESCO and also one
of the founders of what is now
the World Wide Fund for Nature,
Prince Phillip's--
it's global warming.
We must deindustrialize
and all this stuff.
You don't industrialize,
Prince Phillip, do you?
No.
>>REGINA: But David,
what about this?
What about the fact that those
two men wrote those two novels?
What do you put that down to?
I mean, in a way, were they
doing a service to humanity
to warn us of what was coming?
Or was it to perhaps
even program us
toward a potential reality?
How do you perceive that?
>>ICKE: Well, if we get we get
really, really, really deep,
I think predictive
programming as it's called,
i.e., we tell you
in movies and books
what we're planning to do.
I think it's very relevant to
the way we are being programmed
to actually manifest it.
>>REGINA: People
abhor those stories.
>>ICKE: Yeah,
>>REGINA: I mean, the
feeling part of us,
the intuitive part
of us, rejects
that reality at the same time.
>>ICKE: Well, I think,
going back to the question
before, I don't think Aldous
Huxley was writing "Brave New
World" to help humanity.
I think he was telling
us what was coming.
Because these people
are so arrogant,
they think nothing
could stop them.
>>REGINA: What
about George Orwell?
>>ICKE: I think George
Orwell, personally,
was trying to alert people.
He had got access to something
and didn't like it at all.
If you look at-- he
was very, very ill
when he was finishing the book.
He didn't live long
after he finished it.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So he was in some
internal conflict,
and pain and suffering.
>>ICKE: I think so.
I think so.
And interestingly, I
mean some people say
and they may well be
right, that it actually
is called "1984" as a code.
Because 1984 was the
100th anniversary
of the founding of
the Fabian Society.
In my last two books I quote a
guy called Dr. Richard Day, who
in 1969--
>>REGINA: Yes, fascinating.
>>ICKE: He was head of Planned
Parenthood, which came out
the old eugenics movement,
people like Julian Huxley.
It all connects in the end
if you talk long enough.
Him again, yeah.
He-- no one seems to
know why he did this,
but he stood up at a meeting,
like a conference or an event--
>>REGINA: Of MDs, was it?
>>ICKE: Yeah, it
was pediatricians
in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, in 1969.
And before he spoke,
he asked everyone
to stop any recording equipment
and not to take notes.
Because he was
going to tell them
how the world was going to
change, according to a secret
plan.
>>REGINA: When I read that, I
thought, why would he do that?
>>ICKE: Well, some of
them are so arrogant.
I mean, basically, he said
as part of his remarks,
everything's in place.
Nothing can stop it.
But there was a doctor,
Dunagan, I think his name was,
who did take notes and
wrote them up afterwards
and kept them for years.
And eventually,
before Dunagan died,
he did a series of interviews,
I think about 2004,
when he said what this
guy had said in 1969.
And it's extraordinary.
I mean, the world
that we live in today,
he described in 1969 in great
detail, even down to the fact
that weather changing
technology will
be used to create
droughts and floods.
And he should know because
Richard Day was a weather
manipulator in the US army
during the Second World War.
That's how long they've
been manipulating weather.
>>REGINA: Seeding
clouds and the like.
>>ICKE: Again, we're
in another one.
Boing, they can't
manipulate the weather.
Well, hold on a second.
>>REGINA: Of course, that's
what cloud seeding is.
>>ICKE: There's a series
of United Nations treaties
where countries agree not
to manipulate the weather.
Why would they do
that if they couldn't?
I mean, the weather's
one of the most--
>>REGINA: Actually,
it's old technology now.
>>ICKE: Oh, yeah,
absolutely it is.
And then you look at
the Frankfurt School,
as it was called,
came out of Frankfurt,
Germany in the 1930s.
And then it moved to
America, eventually settling
in California.
And it had a wish list
of socially engineering
human society.
And when you look
at that wishlist,
from all those decades ago,
it's human society today.
So if people want to go
into denial that this
is all some conspiracy
fantasy, well, they
should go into denial.
But they should know this, too.
That denial can seem
very nice for a while,
but if you stay in
denial for long enough,
denial one day knocks on your
door and asks for your papers.
>>REGINA: And it puts you in a
state of internal incoherence.
>>ICKE: Denial is
one of the greatest
forms of human suppression.
Because a lot of it
is based on the fact
that I don't want to face the
fact that this is happening.
Because I would rather
it not be happening.
Therefore, what I'm going
to do is convince myself
that it's not happening.
Change the subject, don't
want to hear it, stop.
No, blah, blah blah,
make lots of noise.
No, no, don't want to
hear it, shut up, shut up.
And then denial goes,
boom, boom, boom.
Who could be at
this time of night?
>>REGINA: Denial.
>>ICKE: Would you
come with us, sir?
>>REGINA: And it does get
you, one way or another.
>>ICKE: Well, the thing
is, it's like the pastor.
The famous statement by the
pastor in Nazi Germany who
said, first they came for
the Jews and I was not a Jew,
so I did nothing.
Then they came for
the Communists,
and I was not a Communist.
So I did nothing.
Then they came for
the trade unionists.
I was not a trade
unionist, so I did nothing.
Then they came for me
and there was no one
left to speak out for me.
And what we're looking
at is different parts
of society being picked off.
Other parts of society
saying, it's not my problem.
I didn't agree with him anyway.
Oh, so freedom of expression
is only for people
you agree with, then, is it?
Yes.
And so, uh oh, it's
Muslim terrorists.
Well, what's
happening now, Regina?
Muslim terrorists are
seamlessly morphing
into domestic terrorists
so that we can then
have the ability to justify
impositions of the Orwellian
state upon domestic America,
and domestic Britain,
and domestic everywhere
else, on the basis
of protecting the people.
We have to take your freedoms
away to protect your freedom.
Newt Gingrich virtually
said that once, you know,
when he was
remembering or trying
to remember to breathe
at the time, I think.
But this is what we're
facing, this denial.
And yet there's 7 billion
people currently on planet Earth
being manipulated,
and being directed,
and being socially engineered.
And there is a tiny, at
the core of the core,
in full knowledge of it,
cabal-- a tiny number of people
who are actually doing it.
But what do you have
to do is, again,
divide and rule,
divided and rule.
I'm a Christian.
Oh, you're a Muslim.
Oh, you're a Jew.
Oh, you're a Republican.
Oh, you're a Democrat.
Divide and rule,
everywhere you can.
Not seeing injustice as
something in and of itself,
injustice.
Injustice, it's injustice.
OK, that's it, injustice.
So when injustice is happening
to someone I don't like,
it's injustice.
So I'm interested.
What we have is injustice
that affects me.
>>REGINA: That is true.
>>ICKE: Unfairness
that affects me.
This is a really
important area, because I
see people talking
about divide and rule,
fault lines of religion, and
class, and income bracket,
and politics.
But one of the greatest dividers
and rulers is me, me, me.
Divides us all.
What is in it for me?
What are the consequences
for me of this situation?
We would change
this world overnight
if we just started
making decisions
based on what was right,
and fair, and just,
in and of itself-- not
me, in and of itself.
Instead of what
happens overwhelmingly
now is we make a decision
based on what's in it for me
or what's best for me.
Me, me, me is one of the
greatest suppressing forces.
And this brings
me to another area
which I think will be
relevant to this show, really,
and that is people who
pick up this thing called
spirituality, which
is like, spirituality.
It's just such a
throw away line.
What does it mean?
It means different things
to different people.
Spirituality to some people
means religious wars.
To others it means
the lotus position.
I mean, it's different things.
But spirituality-- I see so
much of this whole area of quote
green, new age stuff as a
massive expression of denial.
It's like, I can
sit above it all.
Well, you can't.
Because that's denial.
And it's going to ask for
your papers, eventually.
I was in Hawaii and
I saw a lot of this
going on when I spoke
a few months ago.
And you know, there's this idea
that if you eat organic food,
and if you do yoga, and you
do all these other things,
somehow you are spiritual.
Somehow you're awake.
Well, for me, if you eat
organic food, and you do yoga,
and all this stuff--
your health is
going to be a lot better than
if you eat rubbish and don't
exercise.
But it's not going to make you
conscious in and of itself.
Because I've met so many
people around the world
who eat all the wrong stuff.
I'm not advocating
this for a second,
I'm using it as an example.
They eat all the wrong food.
They drink too much,
maybe even smoke too much.
But they're awake.
If you had a choice between
eating rubbish and abusing
your body and not, then
I'd make a choice not.
But what I'm saying
is, in and of itself,
it's not going to
make you conscious.
Because I have met people
doing all the wrong things
healthwise who were
being very conscious
in terms of their
expanded awareness.
And I've met people who do
everything right from a health
and food point of view
who are solid gold asleep.
Because niches and cul
de sacs of the mind
don't just take one expression.
And I've referred to this
whole new age arena in the past
as the last cul de sac
before the gold mine.
Because they are people,
to an extent, who
have rejected
conventional religion
and moved on to the fact that
this reality is a vibrational
construct.
It goes much deeper than
that, but on one level
that's what it is.
Everything's a vibration
and in the end,
nothing's solid
and all this stuff.
They all bring all the
quantum physics in.
But it's still in complete
denial of so many things
that they don't want to face.
And you know, there is a
belief system that-- I mean,
I've had it said to me so often.
Oh, my goodness, me.
You're negative.
You're frightening people.
And I'm thinking, are
you the same people
that say we have
to let go of fear?
So what are you frightened for?
Oh, it's negative.
I'll tell you something.
Knowledge is never negative.
Ignorance is negative.
Because that's how we
got into this mess.
And thus we have to open
our minds to all possibility
and not deny it because
we'd rather it not be true.
And you know, if people want
an example of what happens,
and what will happen if we
do not get a grip of this,
then look at Falung
Gong, in China.
They're people that do
meditation, all good stuff.
I'm not knocking any of it.
I'm saying, in and of
itself, there must be more.
And they got up to
about 17 million people
in China who were doing
these meditative, eating
the right food as
best they could,
all these things--
healing, hands on healing,
energy exchange healing.
And it got to the point where
the Chinese government thought,
this is a threat.
Because they want people
solid gold asleep because then
they can control them.
It's a piece of cake.
And the crack down
on them was horrific
and continues to be so.
I mean, unbelievably horrific.
And that's what is
planned for the West.
Once they feel they have
the confidence to go for it.
See, you reach a point,
Regina, where, OK.
We've prepared the
population, mind manipulated,
perception manipulated enough,
we can go for the Muslims.
We're confident
they'll accept that.
And then again, we're back.
First they came for the
Jews and I was not a Jew,
so I did nothing.
And then eventually,
if we go on,
only sitting in
the lotus position
there comes a
point where they're
going to be confident enough to
go for those people and ban it,
as it is in some
parts of the world.
And also what we're seeing
with his domestic terrorism
thing now coming in, oh, it's
domestic terrorism as well,
we need more
control-- is they're
starting to target
people like me and others
around the world
who are exposing
this conspiracy on
the basis of, it's
because these
people will go crazy
with guns who have
listened to these people.
That's why they're doing it.
We've got to ban.
And all this stuff,
and there you go.
Then they went for the trade
unionists and I was not a trade
unionist, and did nothing.
We have to come together.
We have to put down what
religion people believe in,
what background they
come from, how much money
they earn, what color
they are, where they live;
and we have to come
together as one united
people with a common
problem we need to sort out,
which is that the world is
being taken down a very dark,
a very dangerous, and
a nightmare world.
And if people think they don't
like what's happening today,
they should understand that
we are so far along this,
up to this point.
We're nowhere near where
they want to take it.
Now tell me that you're going to
look your children in the eyes,
and you're going to look your
grandchildren in the eyes
and say, I can stay in denial
about this and ignore it.
Because I don't want to accept
it's true, so I'm going to kid
myself it's not.
Look in their eyes
and tell them.
Because every time,
Regina, I tell you--
I look in the eyes, my
own grandkids, other kids
and young people.
It drives me on.
Because I know the world
that is planned for them
unless we sort it.
And we can.
But not when we're in denial
that anything needs sorting.
>>REGINA: Can I validate, also,
part of what you said earlier
when you were
talking about Dr. Day
and what Dr. Day said when
they had all those MDs
turn off their-- not
take notes at that time?
There was another
document that's
a matter of public record, in
the US Congressional record.
And if I am not mistaken, I
think it was January 1964.
And what it was supposedly
from was someone
who had been sent to infiltrate
the communist agenda,
is what it was called.
So call it whatever you want.
The point is it had 47
different points on it that
were to be achieved
over the long haul.
And I bring this up because
the most disturbing ones to me
would not have maybe
even noticeable
or disturbing to
you, or someone else.
But to me it was.
And it wasn't only about
economic systems, the breakdown
and intentional breakdown
of family structure, that
was to occur.
>>ICKE: That was in the
Frankfurt school list, as well.
>>REGINA: Yes, everything.
It all matches.
And the other one was to
promote, they maybe even used
the word ugliness, in public
art and to promote asymmetry.
And so you just look
at breakdown in family,
asymmetry being
promoted as beauty,
which disconnects a
person from themselves.
And I wanted to say
that because to me
what that-- and many other
points about the economy, about
sexual roles, and everything
are all delineated in there.
We are absolutely
living that reality
that was put forth in 1964
by that person in front
of the Congress and a
congressional committee then.
And the thing that it does,
just taking art alone,
if you take asymmetry and
say, this is now beautiful.
And all the art
critics say, wow, what
a lovely, inventive,
imaginative piece of art.
And your being is going,
I can't even look at it.
Looks to me like someone just
threw something at a canvas
and it went down the wrong way.
>>ICKE: This is such
and important area.
>>REGINA: You now
feel, you feel stupid.
You feel out of sync
with the experts.
You feel as though you're not
cultured and well educated
because you have this
opposing opinion which is, ew,
it makes me sick
to look at that.
And you can speak up,
because oh, everyone else is.
And just looking at
it that way, there
is this disconnect from
trusting our instincts.
>>ICKE: Very important
area, very important area.
First thing, it's not you.
>>REGINA: No, it's not you.
>>ICKE: The world is insane.
It's run by insane people.
It ain't you that's insane.
It's the world.
And if the world
sees you as sane,
just remember the
world is insane, right?
>>REGINA: Don't try to fit.
>>ICKE: And that's
the other thing.
How many people on
the planet feel,
I just feel like, I feel
like I don't belong here.
Like I'm uncomfortable, like
I'm really not part of this--
almost everybody feels like
they're not part of something.
>>ICKE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Why is that?
>>ICKE: A number of things
come into this area.
It's a very, very
important area.
And fundamental to what's
happened and the way out of it.
There was-- a
document came to light
in the late 1970s originally
and then again in the '80s,
or no, I think it
was dated 1979,
came to light in the '80s.
It was called "Quiet
Weapons for Quiet Wars."
And it was about socially
engineering people in society
in ways that they couldn't--
it actually says in it,
people instinctively feel
that something's not right.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>ICKE: But because of the
nature of the silent weapon,
i.e., social
engineering, they can't
grasp what's actually happening.
And another thing it said, very
interesting and appropriate--
there's a lot of stuff in
it about the money system
and how it's actually
electrical system.
It was that people, once
you push them, people then
encompass that.
And that becomes the new norm.
Then you push them some more.
And eventually
they'll integrate that
and that will
become the new norm.
So we have a situation now
where many young people,
their new norm, because
that's all they know
is that there's security
cameras in their school
and fingerprinting to
get a library book out.
And then that
programs and prepares
them to accept it in
society as a norm.
But that-- this whole area,
Regina, is so important.
Because this is what I've
been saying for years.
That we really can't understand
what's happening in the world
until we have some understanding
of what the world is.
This-- world, we
think is so physical.
Well, quantum physics
has shown that it's not.
It's holographic illusion.
It's like a holographic
movie, which
reasons I go into
in my books, in ways
we are decoding from the base
foundation of this reality,
which is wave form
information construct.
And if you just take the
ears-- a simple example,
but all the senses
do this-- the ears
take vibrational information.
See, when I'm
talking to you now,
I am creating words through
vibrational information.
It's all vibrational
information.
And as it passes to you, there's
nothing but vibrating energy.
There's no words.
But then it hits your ear.
Your ear turns it into
electrical information,
same information,
and communicates it
to the brain which then
decodes it into-- he's just
said, decodes it into.
And this is what's happening.
But this vibrational thing is
happening in all the senses.
So basically, the foundation
is the wave form level.
And if you go beyond this the
so-called illusory physical,
the holographic, you see it with
Kirlian photography and stuff
like that, you can see
the human auric field.
On one level, it's an
electromagnetic field.
It is awareness.
And as our emotions and
our thoughts change,
so the vibrations generated
change, so the colors change,
which are different expressions
of different vibrational
states.
Now, when you go into
a state of true harmony
where you are at peace,
multi-level peace,
then you can access higher
levels of awareness.
Because you are connecting
with their frequency as
you get deeper and deeper and
more harmonious with them.
So now you've got
expanded awareness.
And suddenly-- why is it when
people are having meditations,
they get insight?
Why?
Because you're accessing a
greater level of yourself.
OK, now-- oh, my goodness, me.
Am I going to make the rent
this week, what about--
>>REGINA: Incoherence,
everything shuts down.
>>ICKE: Oh, my goodness.
What about the kids?
What about the future?
What are we going to?
I mean, we haven't payed
the mortgage for two months.
Is that going to
go into an expanded
state of consciousness?
>>REGINA: No, fear
is contractive.
>>ICKE: Is even going
through the motions of it
while having a limited sense
of the possible-- boing,
boing, boing-- gonna
really take you in there?
No.
And so what we have
is a situation where,
once upon a time, we
were a heart society.
We have these chakra
vortexes, the major one,
the balance one is the heart.
This is why there's so many
people with incoherent heart
energy.
This is why heart
attacks and heart disease
is one of the greatest
killers, because
the energetic
distortion is passed
on to the holographic
distortion, heart problems.
And in so many ways, Regina,
the "Avatar" movie for me
symbolized humanity
as it once was.
It was a heart society.
And heart societies connect
into other expression
of the infinite whole, called
animals and plants, and trees.
And you can communicate on
this energetic wave form level.
You see, you can't
talk to plants.
They don't know English.
Well, hold a second.
I'm vibrating information.
>>REGINA: And those
studies have been done.
You can talk to plants.
And they do respond.
>>ICKE: A human will decode
that information as words.
A plant will decode
that information
as a feeling of what that
vibration represents.
So we were a heart society.
What do people say, never
mind what your head tells you.
What does your heart tell you?
Because the heart
makes the brain
look like a village idiot.
>>REGINA: It does.
>>ICKE: In terms of
its connection to
higher states of consciousness.
Here's what they've done.
They've made the brain the king.
This is why the
intellect is king.
So some of the most stupid
people I've ever met
have been advanced
intellectuals.
Because they believe they
are intelligent and aware
when they're just
stuck in the mind.
They're stuck in the brain.
And this organization,
in America, the HeartMath
Institute, has done so
many wonderful studies.
And one of them is that the
electromagnetic field, which
is the heart, the
heart energetic field,
is the most powerful in the
body, and emotions like love,
and appreciation, and caring
are thousands of times more
powerful in their affect
than hatred and manipulation.
And that when the heart is
in electromagnetic resonant
coherence, balance,
with the brain
and with the central
nervous system,
that connection
takes people into
a whole great expanded
level of awareness.
If you are a few
and you're trying
to control billions of
people, the last place
you want them is in
expanded state of awareness.
So they target the heart.
Because they know-- what
people know in the public arena
is nothing compared to what they
know in the secret projects.
They target the heart through
worry, through anxiety,
through hatred, through
division, through conflict.
And the electromagnetic
field of the heart
goes into incoherence.
Now that expanded
state of consciousness
is no longer there
and this becomes
the governor of perception.
And this is so easy to program.
This is why when
people are going
to their true self,
their intuitive level,
they don't say, I just know.
I just feel.
They go, I just know.
I just know I've got to do this.
They say, I think, I think.
Thinking is a very, very
low level of perception.
Knowing is the true
level of perception.
Not having to work it out,
but knowing because you
are accessing that
level which knows.
And so what they had to do
to manipulate us, this force,
was to move us
from being a heart
society to being
a belly society.
And to move the point
that we interact
with this reality from
the heart to the belly.
And what do we often hear now?
Not what does your
heart tell you.
No, what does your gut tell you.
And where do we interact
with society overwhelmingly?
Through the emotions.
What's the seat of the
emotions energetically--
>>REGINA: Absolutely,
the gut, your intestines.
>>ICKE: It's the belly.
And this is when we get
emotionally frightened, we
go to the toilet a lot,
because the energetic level
of that vortex passes itself
onto the holographic level,
the intestine and
colon, et cetera.
And they want to hold us there.
And when you're coming
from a state of emotion
in terms of your
response to things,
that's what you're doing.
You're responding.
You're reacting.
We don't have a
society, overwhelmingly,
that thinks things
through or knows.
We're emotionally responding
and reacting to stimulus.
This is where war, conflict,
division, divide and rule
comes from.
>>REGINA: But this also is a
very addictive pattern for us.
You and I were both
in the news industry
at about the same time.
You were anchoring sports.
I was anchoring sports.
We were both doing it at the
same time on a show called
"Grandstand,"
actually, years ago.
And then I went on and did
news and you did your thing
with the Green Party and
all, for that bit of time.
But the reality was
that you couldn't really
escape that matrix.
As a news reader, or news
anchor in America as we call it,
I couldn't escape
that matrix of what
was being perpetuated
to the public, which
was almost exclusively
negative news.
We actually started
a good news program.
We decided, let's try
an experiment with this.
It was an independent
station before Fox got it.
And we decided to a noonday show
that had positive spins on it.
We'd do positive stories
sprinkled throughout.
It didn't last.
>>ICKE: There's a
reason for that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
People are-- and the
viewers made that decision.
It did not last.
We were back to
the negative junk.
>>ICKE: There's a
reason for that.
And one of them is that the
receptors in the cells that
receive things like cocaine
are the same receptors that
receive the chemicals that are
generated by states of emotion.
Because when we have
an emotional state,
we're having a
vibrational state.
It's an information state.
We are creating a
state of information
by our emotional state.
And this becomes the
holographic state.
And in that state,
that distortion
becomes chemicals generated
by emotional states.
And they become addictive.
My mother used to
say about people,
it's being so miserable
that keeps him going.
And you see people, and
we've all experienced it,
where people
suddenly have nothing
that they can worry about
or feel anxious about
and they go into like
emotional cold turkey.
They've got to find
something to worry about--
>>REGINA: Find some drama.
>>ICKE: --to get their fix.
But this is what
happens when we're
locked into this
emotional response,
this emotional
interaction with society.
And if we can-- we have
the power-- move the point
that we interact with society
in situations every day to here,
we respond in a different way.
>>REGINA: OK, let's
talk about that.
Because you actually
have taken this on.
You have, probably, more
people visiting your website
then small governments or
even medium sized governments,
I have to say.
Because there's
something in you that
is freeing people to
begin at least looking
at things with new eyes.
Whether they agree with you
or don't agree with you,
you always say, you don't
have to agree with me.
Just open your eyes and start
looking at life in a new way.
And so one of the things you
wrote about in the newest
book, which I have right here--
I was going to quote something
from it, "Remember
Who You Are," is
that you've put
together in your forum,
on your site, the potential
for people to come together
and to start coming
into synchronicity
with their own hearts first.
And talk about
what that's about,
what you're seeing
as a result of it,
and where you're planning
on going with that.
Because this is
really the solution.
>>ICKE: Well, where
I'm planning on going
is where anyone wants
to go with it, really.
Again, there is no
vacuum between you
and me or me and anything
or us and anyone, anything.
There is the level that
our conscious mind decodes,
what I call the biological
body computer decodes,
and that's a tiny, tiny
frequency called visible light.
But that's not the
only thing that exists.
In fact, it almost
doesn't exist,
it's so ludicrously tiny.
And beyond that are
other energetic levels.
And those energetic
levels connect us.
We're one seamless whole.
They want to
disconnect us from that
by persuading us that we
are in and of ourselves,
with no connection
to anything else.
It's a great way
of divide and rule.
And therefore we, at
an energetic level,
electromagnetic
level and beyond,
are constantly interacting
with this energy sea.
Simple question, how do
you affect all the fish
at the same time?
You affect the sea, and
then you get all the fish.
And the target of this
cabal of human suppression
is this energy sea that
we're interacting with.
And this is what the Satanists
are doing, with their rituals
at major energy sites
and all the rest of it.
This was what was happening--
we can talk about this
on another day-- this is what
was happening at the opening
and closing ceremonies
of the London Olympics.
>>REGINA: That was creepy.
>>ICKE: It was
creepy for a reason.
On one level, people are
seeing the holographic level
of those opening and
closing ceremonies
as they see the holographic,
i.e., physical, we think,
level of everything.
But that's only what
the conscious mind
is seeing in this tiny
band called visible light.
The real action's
going on in what
you could call the
subconscious, because
in the collective
subconscious and
the individual subconscious.
They are targeting that.
I mean, there are--
I've quoted Satanists
in my books who have said,
we target the morphic field.
Because they want to put low
vibrational energy in there,
which brings the
vibrational state down
into a state of density.
People are all, oh, I'm
feeling so heavy today.
And they want to fill it
with low vibrational emotion
and horrible information fields.
And as you-- as we have
been pulled from the heart
into the belly, we become
contributors, 24/7,
into this energy field.
When we feel low
vibrational emotion,
that doesn't operate in a
vacuum, in a nothingness.
It actually is
being communicated.
You know, people say, oh,
whoo, I got bad vibes off him.
Yes, because you were
literally feeling
what was coming off him because
of his mental and emotional
state.
And thus, there is
two ways to solving
a situation we don't like.
One is to find an
answer and one is
to remove the cause
of the problem,
always the most intelligent
way of doing things, I suggest.
And that is to reverse
this process of what
we put into the field by
moving our interaction
point, our decoding of
reality in situations point,
to the heart.
Because when you get into a
heart space, a heart state,
then you're putting into this
sea of energy, which we're
interacting with all the
time, a very different energy.
See, this interview, and
every other interview
doesn't act in isolation.
It doesn't only affect,
in whatever way,
people watching this program.
It's going out, especially
when it's broadcast,
it's going out as a
vibrational field.
And it's impacting upon the
collective energy field.
A microphone, a
notebook, or a newspaper,
they're not negative
in and of themselves.
They are-- it's the
way you use them.
And what I'm doing
through my website
and what I'm trying to
encourage people to do
is to first of all
move to this position.
I mean, you know, society is
always going to be doing that.
So be kind to
yourself when you have
a go at the guy that's
cut in front of you.
But the more you get there,
the less often you do that.
And to come together, come
together at sacred sites
where there's particularly
powerful, but not even
have to do that,
just come together
and just sit in heart harmony.
And it's an amazing feeling.
And instead of
protesting, hurling abuse
at the people that have
done things you don't like,
and waving banners,
what is that doing?
What is throwing fire bombs
at the police in Greece doing?
You can understand the
anger and frustration
after what's been
done, terribly,
to that country by people like
Goldman Sachs and the European
Union.
But when we respond
with anger, not passion,
anger-- we are filling the
sea with the very energy
they want us to fill it with.
If we respond with
anger and hatred,
we're playing in their stadium.
We need to play in
our stadium, the one
that humanity was in before
this hijack of our perception
took place.
And that is this.
And so there's two things.
Go to the heart.
And the heart doesn't have
fear, so we don't run.
People think it's weak.
It's not.
We go to the heart and that
does what it knows to be right.
And what it knows to be
right is we are no longer
going to allow a handful of
insane, deeply imbalanced,
and very sad people to dictate
the lives of 7 billion.
That's what that says.
This says, oh, don't
want to face it.
Which way do I run?
This says, we're not having it.
This is the power.
And we all have it.
We've just got to use it.
>>REGINA: And it's also
called the seat of the soul.
And I know you fairly well.
I mean, I've known you off and
on for about seven years now.
And people see you,
when you're on stage.
And you fill up the place,
your energy fills up the place.
And they'll listen to
what you're saying.
And some people think, oh,
he must be angry over that.
That's not how I
experience you at all.
When you're not on stage and
you're not doing your thing
and sharing your
information, you actually
are one of the most kind of laid
back and at peace with yourself
people that I've ever met.
And I just want to--
>>ICKE: I'm passionate
about what I'm doing
and what I'm saying,
because-- two things.
A, I can see the
incredible, limitless
potential of Ethel Jones.
I'm just Ethel Jones, I go down
the store, and all that stuff.
I'm just little me.
No, you are infinite
awareness who's
been manipulated to
believe you are little me.
And I can see the
way the world is
designed to be if
we don't sort it.
That's where the
passion comes from.
But getting angry
is not the way.
>>REGINA: It's not at all.
And I want to thank you so much.
Once again, number
eight, our lucky number,
for being here with me today.
>>ICKE: Pleasure,
Regina, thanks very much.